Now what we're going to do is work on the home page posts.
So I don't want to just be the regular index page it's going to have a custom front page with a custom
query where we want to get any posts that are in the featured category.
OK so first thing I want to do is go back into the back end and let's first create some categories.
We're going to have one called featured.
All right.
And then let's create a business
web design
global development and we also want a category called Gallery.
All right and we're going to get to that later.
So let's go to add a new post.
And actually before we add the post we need support for a featured image so let's go to functions.
And in the F.C. theme support function say ad featured image support
and themes support and we want to pass in post thumbnails.
OK so now if we go back and reload we have this featured image box down here so let's grab that or click
that in to see
OK so you should have a folder called underscore images.
And I'm going to upload these three and these three OK and we're going to choose this one for our featured
image.
We want this to be in the featured category as well.
All right.
I'm going to just paste in some dummy text.
Now I want to specify where the read more should be.
So I want here I'm going to click this insert read more and then I'm going to paste in the rest OK.
Let's publish that in let's say add new paste in some sample content there and there and then set featured
image.
We're going to choose this one and we're going to choose the featured category.
You add another one paste in the title pasted the content featured category and let's set the image
to this one.
All right.
Now while we're here we might as well create the other blog posts.
So I'll say add new ones.
Go ahead and paste in the title and then I'm just going to paste in some content here and let's set
this to say mobile development set feature image grab image here.
Right so it's published that will add another one
OK paste in the title content.
Let's say webdesign set featured image will grab this here.
And then let's create one more
choose business for the category and set featured image update.
All right now we want to do is go to pages and we want to just create some blank pages one for the home
page and then we'll create one called Blog.
Right.
And then what we want to do is go to settings reading and set.
Home Page.
Our front page to home and then post page to blog.
OK once we do that we can add the menu items.
So let's go to menus and let's see home.
We're going to keep as is.
But we want to add a couple of things we'll add about and the home page I'm sorry not the home page
the blog page put about right here and we'll actually get rid of sample page.
You don't need that.
Let's see what else.
Good so save.
And then if we go to our front end and reload it's still the same because it's just static HVM All right
now.
OK so what we'll do is we're going to have a custom home page so we're going to create a new file and
save it as front dash page dot ph P OK if we go and reload we get a blank page because it's looking
at this file.
So what we'll do is let's go to index PSAP and grab everything
let's see I grab when you know what we only need one of these so let's just grab this article or post
and we're going to need to head ph p get Hetter
ph P for her.
All right.
And then what we'll do is we need to we need to set up our custom queery.
So let's say
featured queery equals new word press.
Our W.P. underscore queery.
And then we want to pass in an array
with category name is going to equal
is going to equal featured
All right.
And then we'll do our y a loop
ok we'll say while
say it while featured queery
have posts.
And then right here we want to say
featured queery the post
and then here we'll paste our article
OK.
So let's save that and see what we get.
OK so we're getting three articles which is correct.
We have three posts but they're all the same content because we're just using static content so let's
update this.
The title we're going to say Pete
DHP the title
and now you should see the titles change.
OK.
For the X.
Let's replace this paragraph here candles say peach P The X or
what else for the date.
Save page P the time.
And we want to format that to show the date as well.
So I going to just paste in some formatting and let's see the read more we're going to have this.
This is going to go to THP the permalink.
OK that will take us to the individual post.
And then for the image let's replace this with p p the post from now.
All right.
Now we want to specific size.
So what I'm going to do is go to a function speech P and right under where we included the themes support
the feet.
The Post thumbnail support we're going to say add image size
and let's pass and we'll call it home some and will set the width to 7 and 15 and height 2 4 4 9.
All right.
And then we can go ahead and pass in home thumb and that'll make it the size we want.
So let's go ahead and save that reload.
OK so that looks good.
Now remember we want every other image to be on the opposite side.
So all we have to do here is we're going to add a counter
to break here.
OK so I'll say P P
and let's set a counter and call it.
I will set it to zero.
All right.
And then we just want to go right above the while.
I'm sorry.
Inside of a while
in.
We want to increment the counter.
So I plus plus incremented by 1 and then we're going to do an if statement or an if else.
OK we're going to say if I am going to use the modulus OPERATOR 2 is not equal to zero.
So basically we're going to check to see if the Konner is even or not.
If it is then let's create a variable called float and set it to no float and then else we're gonna
set float to the class of float.
Right.
OK.
And then all we have to do is add that on to the description right here.
We're going to say ph P echo float.
All right.
So let's go ahead and reload.
And now you can see that the images they kind of switch spots every other post.
So that's what we want.
So in the next video we're going to take care of the blog page.
OK right now it's still set to static content because it's looking at index ph P.
OK so we'll work on that next.